>> Kadi Kraman: Next up,
let's look at scrollable views.
So right now we don't have enough
content to float over the screen,
but if I add more content here.
>> Kadi Kraman: So this is gonna be
more content that we have space for
on the screen and on the web
the screen will automatically become
scroll over at this point,
but on native it doesn't.
So if you have more contents
that can fit on the screen,
it simply just overflows the screen and
you can't see it.
So if you need an area of
the screen to be scrollable,
you need to explicitly make it scrollable.
So instead of a view,
we can use a scroll view.
So we import scroll view from React Native
>> Kadi Kraman: And
replace the containing
view with the scroll view.
And now It scrolls.
Now one thing you'll notice
is that the last item on
my list actually overflows a little bit.
And the reason this is happening is
because of this container style because
we've added this padding top.
So if I remove this,
It goes straight to the end of the screen.
How do I add a padding but
also prevent this overflow?
There's another prop on
Scrollable Elements.
It's called Content Container Style.
>> Kadi Kraman: So if you need to
add any UI styles like paddings and
margins to a scrollable element,
you'll add them to the content
container instead of the container.
>> Kadi Kraman: So
let's do styles content container.
>> Kadi Kraman: And create the Style and
move this padding down.
Another handy thing you can do with
scrollable elements is that you can make
parts of it sticky.
So there's a property on the scroll
view called sticky header indices.
And it takes an array and
an array of numbers so
indices that you want to make sticky.
So if I make this zero,
it actually makes this header sticky.
And I wanted to add some stars because
I wanted it to just float here.
I'm trying to remember what I did.
But I think I did padding 24 here.
And padding 12 here, so
the 24 is to make up for this padding.
>> Kadi Kraman: There we go.
So then you have it
stay sticky at the top.
And also obviously, we don't have
any background color right now in
the text input, so to make this not
shine through, in the TextBurns mode,
let's do a background color of theme,
color, white.
There we go.
And now we have a floaty text input
at the head of our shopping list.